So as you just went through the process of registering and logging into GitHub, we're back in Visual
Studio Code.
And what I want us to do next is I want us to be able to go take our code and look at it on GitHub dot
com, because that is the outcome that we want to see.
We want to see our code somewhere on GitHub.
All right.
So how do we go about that?
Well, if we press these three dots over here, we can say push and we can say push to.
And it says your repository has no remotes configured to push so Persad remote and then will press add
remote from GitHub.
So if we click that the extension GitHub wants to sign into GitHub, allow.
And so authorize visual studio code to access GitHub, if you have initiated this authorization for
Visual Studio Code, click continue.
So we're going to click continue because we did this.
So now we're going to say authorize GitHub for VOST code and what it wants to do is it wants to read
all public and private repositories, huh?
All right, so let's go see.
Authorizing or redirect you to.
There, so why can't I click this button?
What's what's going on here?
Well, what's going on here is potentially a bug with.
Edge, so if you see something like this happen, make sure that you have other options out there.
So what we're going to do here is we're going to install Google Chrome and with Google Chrome, we're
going to try this process again, because as you can see here, we're not able to click authorizer right
here, which is very painful.
So make sure that you have your options.
And I'm going to go through the process of going through Google Chrome, and I'll be right back.
All right.
So I have Google Chrome installed.
And as you can see, even I as the instructor, when I'm setting up a new computer, I can run into
issues and it's about finding solutions.
So now that we have Google Chrome installed, you may not need to do this.
If you already have Google Chrome, then go through that.
But we may want to set our default browser.
So choose a default browser and then we'll go inside of here and we'll say, hey, our default browser
is going to be Google Chrome and that's going to be that.
And now we're going to go to get hub dot com and we're going to go through the process of logging in
again.
So sign in and we're going to fill in Mopani and we're going to fill in our password again.
So we're going to use our Two-Factor key.
We're going to hit Verify.
And now we're logged into GitHub again.
OK, so over here, we're going to go through this process again.
We're going to go over here, we're going to say Pushtu.
No remotes configured at a remote.
We're going to say ad from GitHub.
And now what we need to do is we need to copy this link and we need to put it inside of Chrome because
it didn't go there.
Now, as you can see.
Green button.
Not a green button, so some browsers may have bugs, so let's authorize GitHub.
Oh, no, an error occurred.
Please restart to sign in from the editor.
OK, so let's do that.
Let's exit out of all of this and let's restart Visual Studio code for good measure.
So let's go back here.
And as you can see, all of these issues can occur.
It's completely normal.
Now, let's go back into source control and let's go over here and let's say push to.
Let's add the remote again, let's add it from GitHub, let's allow the Sinon process and now it's going
to open with Chrome.
So you can see I try to step where I tried to copy paste the existing new URL from somewhere else.
Didn't work.
So make sure that you restart the process if you see this error where the button didn't work.
So let's hit continue here and it's going to say allow and we're going to say open visual studio code
and so allow an extension to open this story.
So let's open that.
And there we go.
OK, so now I have access to all of my repositories on GitHub.
Now this may be an empty list for you.
This may be a completely empty list.
OK, so now what we want to do is we want to go back to GitHub, right.
Let's go to GitHub dot com.
And what we want to do is we want to create this repository.
We'll call it focus time and then we'll add a description focus time app.
And you can make it public or you can make it private either or let's create that repository write.
And here, let's press escape and then let's say push.
To again, at a remote, let's add the remote from GitHub, and it's going to go look and we can see
focus time at the top of the list, the repository that we just created.
So let's add that.
And then let's say while the remote name.
Please enter a remote name.
Well, let's just hit enter oh, we can't just hit enter.
Well, then let's call it.
So what do we call it, what do we call it?
Well, if we go into GitHub, we can see here that get remote at origin.
So let's just call it origin.
So Origin is going to be where we're pushing our code.
Would you like code to periodically run, get fetch?
You can say yes, you can say no.
It's basically going to periodically go and fetch.
I really don't like this feature.
So I usually said no.
OK, so now that that's done, what we're going to do here is we're going to push.
So not push too.
We can still hit Pushtu and we're going to see origin over here.
So let's push to origin.
And so now it's starting to push, push, push.
OK.
Well, it's asking us to sign in.
Didn't we sign it?
Well, it's signing in our browser.
And it's going to go over here and we're going to authorize get credential manager, remember, during
the set up, when we look at get credentialed manager, well, it's coming in here, so let's authorise
it successful.
We may now close this tab and go back to our application.
So what's happening now?
Well, you could see that there was a bar up here doing some stuff.
But what happened?
Well, if we go into the focus time, let's hit this again.
Whoa.
All of a sudden our code is in here, all of our code, and it has the message, initial entry sample
Snocap.
Oh, good, good.
We push our code up and it's all visible on GitHub now.
So simple.
Right?
But we have to keep in mind all of these simple steps that we needed to go through.
Restarting the flow of one of the browsers has an error.
Looking at all of the different things that we needed to do here, we need to add an origin.
We needed to push all new and exciting things.
So if this is new to you, slow this video down and watch it very slowly go through the process of adding
GitHub because it's a key step.
Now, it is optional.
You can still go through the course without setting up GitHub.
But I want to give you the option of being able to push your code up.
You could just as well commit locally and just go that route.
But if you want to push your code up the GitHub, it's up to you.